
### Table of Contents

1. [Installation](#installation)
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)
3. [File Descriptions](#files)
4. [Results](#results)
5. [Licensing, Authors, and Acknowledgements](#licensing)

## Installation <a name="installation"></a>

There should be no necessary libraries to run the code here beyond the Anaconda distribution of Python.  The code should run with no issues using Python versions 3.6.3

Libraries embedded in Anaconda distribution used in the project:
1. sys
2. numpy
3. pandas
4. matplotlib.pyplot
5. seaborn
6. sklearn.cluster
7. sklearn.preprocessing


## Project Motivation<a name="motivation"></a>

For this project, I was interestested in using Stack Overflow data from 2020 to better understand three questions:

1. What are top FIVE hottest programming languages in 2020?
2. What kind of people would like to keep studying new technologies?
3. How could Stack Overflow segment their visitors according their behaviours on the platform?

## File Descriptions <a name="files"></a>

There are 3 jupyter notebook files (*.ipynb) available here to showcase the works for three questions mentioned above respectively with CRISP-PM process:

1. project_1_question_1.ipynb
2. project_1_question_2.ipynb
3. project_1_question_3.ipynb

Moreover, for easily to read, there are 3 HTML files generated by those 3 jupyter notebook files above. They are:
4. project_1_question_1.html
5. project_1_question_2.html
6. project_1_question_3.html

And there is a word document which is final report for this analysis.
7. Analysis Report.docx


## Results<a name="results"></a>

The main findings of the analysis can be found at the post available [here](https://medium.com/@kitsamy2k/what-it-geeks-needed-to-know-in-2020-182b3f2e98d).

## Licensing, Authors, Acknowledgements<a name="licensing"></a>

Must give credit to Stack Overflow for the data.  You can find the Licensing for the data and other descriptive information at the Kaggle link available [here](https://www.kaggle.com/aitzaz/stack-overflow-developer-survey-2020).  Otherwise, feel free to use the code here as you would like! 

Hi, I'm Sam and I made some changes here~
